docs: fix typos (#401)
nix-community/nixos-anywhere: docs/howtos/disko-modes.md

By default, nixos-anywhere will reformat all configured disks before running the
installation. However it is also possible to mount the filesystems of an
existing installation and run `nixos-install`. This is useful to recover from a

> miss-configured NixOS installation by first booting into a NixOS installer or

Reviewer: ```suggestion
misconfigured NixOS installation by first booting into a NixOS installer or
```
